with-firebase example for SSR (#16070)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-firebase/README.md

3. Set each variable on `.env.local` with your Firebase Configuration (found in "Project settings").

> 4. If you want to check the SSR page, get your account credentials from the Firebase console at _Project settings > Service accounts_, where you can click on _Generate new private key_ and download the credentials as a json file. Please set `NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_CLIENT_EMAIL` and `NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_PRIVATE_KEY`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If you want to check the SSR page, get your account credentials from the Firebase console at _Project settings > Service accounts_, where you can click on _Generate new private key_ and download the credentials as a json file. Then set `FIREBASE_CLIENT_EMAIL` and `FIREBASE_PRIVATE_KEY` in `.env.local`
```
